Previously on marshals...
That last op changed everything.
I still get plenty to wake
up screaming at night.
What I miss is what you got here.
Pull up a chair. Cal. I'm buying.
You can't sit down.
have one drink with me?
I didn't realize she was your daughter
when I asked her out.
Isabel turek. right?
Team knows me as Skinner.
I'd like to keep it that way.
You gonna get back on that horse?
Not sure I'm ready.
You say clegg is doing
this all because of you.
then focus on saving dre.
Jury's still out on this place. but
as long as I'm here. I'm
glad it's on a team with you.
Morning. cowboy.
Didn't realize you were still here.
I ain't no two-cheek
sneak. You want some Joe?
Make yourself at home.
Well. tell you what. coyo.
If we'd had teammates
like Andrea in the Navy.
I'd still be a seal.
Being held captive by the
cleggs wasn't torture enough?
Who knew I can't resist the
power of a country ballad?
Well. if you want to earn room and board
for your overnight
guest. you'll have to prep
the lower pastures today.
Well. want to get your
hands dirty with me?
I can't. Shrink cleared
me hot to go back to work.
After two weeks?
What can I say? I'm resilient.
If I haven't said it lately.
thanks again for saving my ass.
- You all right. there?
- Yeah.
Imagining miles' face on that bag?
No.
It's Maddie's doing that's messed up.
Dating a nice guy is messed up?
Keeping me out of her
life 'cause she refuses
to forgive the past.
and now. she's dating
somebody who works for me?
Yeah. sure the hell is.
All right. resist the urge to
make this about you. okay?
Time is on your side.
Show miles some grace.
From a state facility to a
federal one this afternoon. and.
I'm leaning toward
sending you and dre. but...
What do you think?
You think she's ready
to get back in the field
after the whole clegg ordeal?
I think if she's not. we need to know.
Better to test her when the
bad guys are already in chains.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Easy. easy.
Whoa. easy. easy.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Easy. Easy.
Look at my reclamation projects.
This horse gets me.
For the tornadoes in my head.
Turn you into a cowboy
yet. Stetson's a good start.
I'm not sure I deserve a gift this nice.
It's a regift. actually.
Someone gave it to me.
said mine was too dirty.
They clearly don't know what it's for.
You know. I was at the end of my rope
when I landed on your doorstep.
Coyo'd rather wrestle a
gator than ask for help.
Must be important.
Yeah. and top secret.
I didn't realize you had company.
You want to help with kayce's project?
Really wish I could.
but Cal called. I'm on the schedule today.
Sure you're ready?
It's either sink or swim. sailor?
I'll see you at the bullet later?
Table for two.
Okay.
You good to groom the horses solo?
Can you make that to go?
Should really get to the office.
You want to stay on my good side?
Take me to see the fescue
twins at sound decision.
You gonna try to make me dance?
If you're lucky.
We'll see.
Be careful.
What's that mean?
Means... When the
news talks about marshals
taking on the cleggs.
I know that was you.
You have the proper security clearance?
Does having an interest
in the well-being of the
man I'm dating count?
You can kiss me when we're dancing.
Do not get shy on us now. girl.
Come on. go back to work.
All right. You ready to
go back downrange. dre?
Two weeks of psych evals
had me crawling the walls.
I'm itching to go hunting.
All right. Well. what are your
thoughts on bus monitoring?
You and belle. you're gonna be ferrying
five pretrial prisoners from
atkins to rexburg. okay?
We'll be chaperoning an embezzler.
a doctor rapist. and a few killers.
Step up in the world
from the cleggs. at least.
Straightforward prisoner transfer. okay?
Should be a smooth reentry for you. dre.
I warned you. I am not
my dad in the kitchen. but
he's just been so haunted by his past.
I want him to appreciate the present.
How many folks need to enjoy the
Weaver family upside-down cake?
It's just the team. so
five marshals plus Garrett makes six.
You think I'd ask you to bake
and not invite you to the party?
After my behavior at the last dinner here.
I wouldn't blame you.
Garrett. Garrett.
Any updates?
Doctors are still working.
You inhaled a lot of smoke.
Maybe you should get checked out.
I'm fine.
Dre. it's your last chance to tap out.
Helicopter mom is
not a good look on you.
Hey. kayce. what's up?
An old space heater in the barn
shorted out and there was a fire.
What? How bad is he?
Bad. Looked like second-degree burns.
I don't even want to
think about his lungs.
Should I come there?
What-what can I do?
There's nothing to do but wait.
Pray. if that's your
thing. I'll keep you posted.
- What?
- What-what happened?
Garrett's in the hospital.
- What?
- Fire on kayce's ranch.
He has burns.
Wait. is... does he have
smoke inhalation? I mean.
are they worried about his lungs. or...
I'm sure kayce will brief you. too.
I can handle the transport
if you want to head to the hospital.
Kayce said there's
nothing we can do but wait.
I can't have gifford thinking I'm not ready
to come off the bench. Work
will be a good distraction.
Okay. miles. hold it down here.
I know you have a lot of work
to do. so if you need to leave...
I'm not letting you face this alone.
What's the update?
Radio silence.
Yeah. seems to be going around.
Well. you wouldn't have
a beer with double g.
Figured you didn't want to sit vigil either.
So. what happened?
There was a fire in the barn.
Garrett ran in to save
the horses. Damn heroic.
Yeah. having double g around
is more complicated
for me than you know.
I drafted him onto bravo.
Just to take it all away
when you pulled his bird.
Mr. Garvey's in recovery.
You can see him now.
Feels like this should be frogmen only.
Okay.
Told we were moving five prisoners.
Late addition. Samantha Clarkson.
Serving time in state.
enough seats on the bus.
Throat cutters in this bunch.
You're worried about a blue-hair?
- Lucky for you. I'm unarmed.
- Right.
Take the women to the back.
I'll hang in front with the men.
What was that?
It's not my headspace that
needs monitoring. You good?
How are the horses. coyo?
You saved 'em. brother.
That stallion knew he could trust you.
How do I look. senior chief?
Gave us quite a scare. double g.
Mr. Garvey. I am Dr. Roberts.
I'm a trauma surgeon
here. How are you feeling?
Not near as frisky as
when I got up this morning.
When can he go home?
Meaning what. exactly?
It suggests his burns
are more severe than visual
inspection in the er indicated.
I'd like to prep you for
surgical debridement.
Can his lungs even
handle a surgery right now?
But not removing the dying
tissue around his wounds.
I'll take on any battle...
With my two brothers with me.
You got this. brother.
Hey.
Never out of the fight. double g.
Then quit trying to open it.
Maybe Samantha
recognized her from nye.
What's nye?
Everyone knows about
the 2007 nye mine disaster.
Girl I knew had dreams
bigger than wearing a badge.
Can you hear me?
You okay?
Belle? Can you hear me?
Belle.
You okay?
What the hell happened?
Rockslide. Guard and driver are dead.
and three prisoners
escaped. Remaining prisoners
are pretty beat up and slide's
gonna impede emergency crews.
We need to render aid.
I'll take this guy.
Get the. escapee pictures
to the media for broadcast.
Just got caught up in a rock slide.
Timing sucks.
Hey. look. miles is on his way here. so
gonna be plenty of boots on the ground.
Garrett needs you here.
No man left behind.
He'll be all right.
Mild traumatic brain injury.
Right. Derek rivers. the sleazy ob-gyn.
You had your license revoked
for taking liberties with patients
we'll leave the handcuffs on.
In your unbiased opinion.
Jury convicted Samantha
for destroying hundreds of lives.
Let's get working on the others.
You saying she was a
serial killer or something?
She ignored safety
regulations at her mine.
What's their status?
Samantha's leg is in a lot of pain.
All right. well. she's all yours.
Didn't get any better in your absence.
Maybe it's broken?
That what your partner told you?
No. but the fact that
she keeps avoiding you.
It was the ceo's fault. so you know.
He took the easy way out.
Prosecutors needed a fall guy.
I was the coo. so they came after me.
Corwin Springs cops
say if any of the fugitives
- have connections in town?
- No known friends
or family. Just that they
found the truck reported stolen
from that hunter's
camp near the bus crash.
Inmate steals a ride
to escape. why ditch it?
Maybe it's to catch a different ride.
You know. freight trains run
right through corwin Springs.
You could hop one.
avoid police roadblocks.
smart.
You know. I'd ask how
you and Maddie are doing
if I weren't so good at
respecting her boundaries.
That's pretty cold.
Well. you know. hard truths usually are.
Work would send me downrange.
It put stress on Maddie's mom.
and. over time. the
cracks in the relationship
be solid intel if I were a seal.
It was a different job. but
same collateral damage.
Good thing then.
That it's early enough to end it?
That I'm not you.
Have you checked
Samantha's tourniquet?
Been kind of busy up here.
You're putting your anger at
Samantha ahead of your duty.
And why would I be angry at her?
Her mine wrecked the town you're from.
If the guy who shot
my dad was on this bus.
I'd be pissed. too.
But please. dial it in.
What else did she say?
Proclaimed her innocence.
"Took the easy way out."
The easy way out.
He paid the victims and their families
out of his own pocket.
Then when the money
ran out. he hanged himself.
She has just as much blood
on her hands as my father.
Your dad was the mine ceo?
All these times I've
mentioned my dead dad.
you never thought to share
you're a member of the club?
Well. yours died a hero.
Should I be bleeding this much?
God.
We need to reset the leg
and stabilize her if we don't want her
to bleed out before help arrives.
You ready?
This is gonna hurt.
Inflicting pain must be hereditary.
How'd it go?
Give him a bit. The meds are strong.
I think I might've died on that table.
I saw roner.
Where's Cal?
He got spun up for
work. He wanted to stay.
Just tell Cal...
Tell him... I'm sorry.
Sorry for what?
It is freezing up here.
Bomb cyclone's moving in.
Yeah. well. storm's gonna be nothing
compared to Harry's wrath if we
don't track these escapees down.
- Hey. Sheriff hollings?
- Yep. Yeah.
Deputy marshals Calvin and kittle.
- Good to meet you.
- Hunter reported a beretta
and a 1911 that was in
the truck when it was stolen.
Armed and dangerous
fugitive on the loose.
Yeah. So why here?
Why make a pit stop? That
truck was their ticket to freedom.
Might've heard about
the cold front moving in.
wanted to stock up on provisions.
Hey. we're gonna take a
look inside the general store.
- Maybe just stand by here?
- You got it.
Just follow my lead.
I'm calling the police.
Pal.
Everybody down! Nobody leaves!
Wait. no. We can't. There's
too many in the crossfire.
On the floor! I want your phones!
Anybody tries anything. and you're dead.
What are we supposed to do?
Move. Now!
Let's go!
Whatever they say.
How's he doing?
In and out. Mostly sleeping.
He did say he died on the table.
We'll start titrating him
off the oxy tomorrow.
So is he out of the woods?
His oxygen saturation is still low.
He suffered a lot of heat and
smoke damage to his lungs.
That puts a lot of pressure
on his airways and his heart.
Dad's got a vc pitch
tomorrow he needs help with.
I wanted the night off to sit with you.
Well. Garrett's not leaving anytime soon.
Means neither am I. Go.
Call me if you change your mind.
I got to go take care
of something. brother.
You hang tight.
I'll be back.
Thank you.
For sharing about your dad.
Well. I figured you'd do
some Internet sleuthing
- after this anyway.
- You know me well.
And if you ever want to talk about it...
Turek metals...
Was a pillar of nye for four generations.
Till greed made it come crashing down.
Her sentencing.
I'll keep an eye on her.
My chest hurts.
Hey. can you come check her out?
Did that med kit have a stethoscope?
Her jugular vein is distended.
There's fluid in her pleural space.
It's likely blood. I need to drain it.
alleviate the pressure on her lungs.
You can coach. but the cuffs stay on.
There's not a lot of room
for error in this procedure.
Belle. I'm gonna have to
delay you clearing your head.
Untreated hemothorax can be fatal.
She's dying?
Not if we get to work.
Your choices are to help
me now or explain later
why we had to uncuff
an inmate in our custody.
I can't.
You're obligated to treat her.
even if she ruined your life.
You don't have this
much hate in your heart.
belle. not even for your worst enemy.
She's my mother.
If you're gonna take shots at me.
we need to make our move.
We can't let two killers call the shots.
Cops are running their playbook. Okay?
And we'll gonna get him
talking. echo his demands.
kids first.
Is by keeping things
calm in here. You trust me.
I told you what I wanted and you
keep stalling. so I'm done talking
until you start delivering.
Hey.
I give you a hard time
about being a control freak.
will spin you out.
You worked so hard
to erase your old life.
You really want Samantha
to haunt your new one?
How do we save her?
Should be shears. alcohol. and a needle
decompression kit in
that bag somewhere.
Yeah. glove up. Let's get those shears.
Got it.
And then. use the alcohol to
clean the skin above her ribs.
Good. good.
Get that needle and catheter ready.
Between her fifth and sixth ribs.
- How deep?
- Till I say stop.
Bet you love this.
I hate everything about this.
Stop. Okay. now remove the needle.
leave that catheter in.
Leave your hand there.
I spent almost 20 years
wondering if I would die
with my daughter still hating me.
There's my Izzy bear.
I told you what I wanted
and you keep stalling.
we got to show them we're serious.
That one.
- Grab her. grab her.
- No. leave her alone!
Come here. Come here.
You see this? You see this?
- I'll shoot her right now.
- Hey.
- He's bluffing. He's bluffing.
- You don't want her.
you want me.
I'm a U.S. marshal.
Take me instead of her.
Back against the wall.
Now. Move!
Federal agent makes a hell
of a hostage. Take my gun.
Yeah. I'll take...
Hands behind your back.
That was a choice.
I know who you are.
I'm a friend of the family.
Remember?
We ain't friends.
Some risky moves
you pulled off in there.
Please. just lucky you
had a gunslinger with you.
Hey. but you know. the real question
is what are you gonna
tell your other partner?
Blow-by-blow?
Yeah. it's gonna live in her head
every second you're on the job.
But. hey. build up some walls.
Keep it from her.
Then half your life is a lie.
So. I'm screwed no matter what I do.
Hey. you said it. man.
You're not me.
So. maybe you find the
magic balance I couldn't.
If your mom took the hit for your dad.
why are you so mad at her?
Because she was
just as guilty as he was.
look. I turned my back
on my family because
of what they did to our town.
but I turned my back on my mom
because of what she did to him.
Maybe if I put enough criminals away.
it'll make up for the ones that raised me.
The best day of her last 20 years.
- Hey. Cal.
- Hey.
Have you heard from kayce?
Not since Garrett got out of surgery.
Man. I just tried calling
him to get an update.
and it goes straight
to voicemail. so I called
the hospital. and they said that he left.
He left Garrett? It must be serious.
Yeah. it's what I'm thinking.
so I had the office ping his phone.
and it's up in the Madison
range somewhere.
That-that's right by our crash location.
Yeah. something's off.
so I'm-a go up there and try to find him.
Do you want us to come help?
No. we still got a missing prisoner.
and I got Harry up my ass.
Copy.
Hey. I...
I know you must be
worried about Garrett. too.
Guy's a survivor.
I'll call you in a bit.
U.S. marshal.
Guessing it's no
coincidence I'm your collar.
Lloyd used to take
the yellow stone hands
hunting up here.
Took a shot you'd travel a path you knew
to escape into Wyoming.
And you didn't bring a posse?
Last time I saw you. you
were heading off to war.
Your dad didn't think
he'd ever see you again.
You seem to remember a lot
about your time on the yellow stone.
Lost everything at 17.
But here you are. a
regular calamity Jane.
Tends to toughen one up.
I have a lot of time to
think about you in my cell.
Always picture you on
horseback in patagonia.
maybe the outback.
a world away from all
the hurt you endured.
Turns out. you were
half an hour from me.
My need to pay back Montana
outweighed my want to escape you.
The amount of pain we caused you.
I'm so sorry. Izzy.
Today. I learned you're a marshal
and a better woman than I
could've ever hoped to be.
Be lying if I said I didn't
want to know more.
I can't have my son...
tainted by what you and dad did.
I'm a grandmother?
We can't escape the past.
but can we try to move forward?
Bring the med kit.
This feels like it would be messy.
That wasn't a no.
Yellowstone brand's a
sign of loyalty. remember.
Also gave me a front-row seat to
how my family ran the business.
Word is. you're trying to cut
a deal with the prosecutors.
Makes me wonder what
you're offering in return.
Anyone I could drop a dime on is gone.
So why are you trying to
protect the legacy of a dead man?
'Cause if you reveal my family secrets.
you risk upending the life I've
carved out for me and my son.
You're right.
I probably got enough on the duttons
to keep me from doing hard time.
But you get me across that border.
I will forget everything I ever knew.
That only works if the law
never catches up with you.
You got a poor track record there.
So you don't see any scenario
where you can trust me to keep quiet?
Only one. far as I can figure.
Even as a boy.
you were a different sort
of man than your father.
You don't have to solve this
problem the way he would.
Coyo. What the hell are you doing?